Update readme with more information (#19)
wso2/streaming-integrator: README.md

  [![GitHub Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/wso2/streaming-integrator.svg)](https://github.com/wso2/streaming-integrator/commits/master)
  [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

## Overview

WSO2 Streaming Integrator(SI) is a streaming data processing server which lets users integrate streaming data and take action based on streaming data. 

WSO2 SI can be effectively used for, 
- Realtime ETL with files, DBs, SaaS apps, HTTP endpoints, etc.
- Work with streaming messaging systems such as Kafka and NATS
- Streaming data Integration 
- Execute complex integrations based on streaming data with WSO2 Micro Integrator

> WSO2 SI is powered by [Siddhi.io](https://siddhi.io/), a well known cloud native open source stream processing engine. Siddhi let’s users write complex stream processing logics using a SQL like language referred to as [SiddhiQL](https://siddhi.io/en/v5.0/docs/). Users can aggregate, transform, enrich, analyze, cleanse and correlate streams of data on the fly using Siddhi queries and constructs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WSO2 SI is powered by [Siddhi.io](https://siddhi.io/), a well-known cloud native open source stream processing engine. Siddhi lets users write complex stream processing logics using a SQL-like language referred to as [SiddhiQL](https://siddhi.io/en/v5.0/docs/). Users can aggregate, transform, enrich, analyze, cleanse and correlate streams of data on the fly using Siddhi queries and constructs. 
```

WSO2 SI lets users connect to any data source with any destination regardless of the different protocols, data formats that different endpoints use. The SI store API provides the capability to fetch stored and aggregated data kept in-memory and in DBs via a REST API on demand using ad-hoc quarries.

> The [SI tooling](https://github.com/wso2/streaming-integrator-tooling) provides a web based IDE which allows users to build Siddhi apps with a drag-and-drop graphical editor or a streaming SQL editor. It facilitates users to test their siddhi apps with capability to simulate data streams and to debug Siddhi queries. The deployed siddhi apps can be directly deployed in VM via the IDE or export as a docker image, or K8s artifacts that can be used with Siddhi K8s operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [SI tooling](https://github.com/wso2/streaming-integrator-tooling) provides a web-based IDE which allows users to build Siddhi apps with a drag-and-drop graphical editor or a streaming SQL editor. It facilitates users to test their siddhi apps with the capability to simulate data streams and to debug Siddhi queries. The deployed siddhi apps can be directly deployed in VM via the IDE or export as a docker image, or K8s artifacts that can be used with Siddhi K8s operator.
```
